# 文献
## Simulating Interaction Movements via Model Predictive Control
### 摘要
We present a Model Predictive Control (MPC) framework to simulate movement in interaction with computers, focusing on mid-air pointing as an example. Starting from understanding interaction from an Optimal Feedback Control (OFC) perspective, we assume that users aim to minimize an internalized cost function, subject to the constraints imposed by the human body and the interactive system. Unlike previous approaches used in HCI, MPC can compute optimal controls for nonlinear systems. This allows to use state-of-the-art biomechanical models and handle nonlinearities that occur in almost any interactive system. Instead of torque actuation, our model employs second-order muscles acting directly at the joints. We compare three different cost functions and evaluate the simulation against user movements in a pointing study. Our results show that the combination of distance, control, and joint acceleration cost matches individual users’ movements best, and predicts movements with an accuracy that is within the between-user variance. To aid HCI researchers and designers applying our approach for different users, interaction techniques, or tasks, we make our SimMPC framework, including CFAT, a tool to identify maximum voluntary torques in joint-actuated models, publicly available, and give step-by-step instructions.

## Cloud and edge based data analytics for privacy-preserving multi-modal engagement monitoring in the classroom 
### 摘要
Learning management systems are service platforms that support the administration and delivery of training programs andeducational courses. Prerecorded, real-time or interactive lectures can be offered in blended, flipped or fully online classrooms.A key challenge with such service platforms is the adequate monitoring ofengagement, as it is an early indicator for a student’slearning achievements. Indeed, observing the behavior of the audience and keeping the participants engaged is not only achallenge in a face-to-face setting where students and teachers share the same physical learning environment, but definitelywhen students participate remotely. In this work, we present a hybrid cloud and edge-based service orchestration framework formulti-modal engagement analysis. We implemented and evaluated an edge-based browser solution for the analysis of differentbehavior modalities with cross-user aggregation through secure multiparty computation. Compared to contemporary onlinelearning systems, the advantages of our hybrid cloud-edge based solution are twofold. It scales up with a growing number ofstudents, and also mitigates privacy concerns in an era where the rise of analytics in online learning raises questions about theresponsible use ofdata.

## A novel power allocation strategy considering multi-objective comprehensive optimization for hybrid electric vehicles
### 摘要
This research introduces a multi-objective comprehensive optimization power distribution strategy (PDS), specifically designed for a hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) that utilizes a combination of fuel cell (FC) and battery technology. As hybrid power systems face challenges such as high operating costs and limited stack durability, which hinder the widespread adoption of FCs, this study proposes a strategy that focuses on optimizing both the operational cost and service life of the stack. To enhance the longevity of the stack, this research investigates the coupling relationship between the operational lifespan of the fuel cell and its output power. In addition, this study formulates a mathematical formula to depict the relationship between the FC’s output power and the loss of its lifespan. Furthermore, the lifetime loss of the energy storage system, as well as limitations on the fluctuation of its state of charge (SOC), are also taken into account. Additionally, this study aims to enhance fuel efficiency by optimizing the hydrogen consumption of the system. Based on the above considerations, a cost function has been formulated for the purpose of multi-objective optimization. To expedite the convergence speed when solving the cost function, a sequential quadratic programming (SQP) algorithm has been employed. Based on the hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) bench, the effectiveness of the presented multi-objective comprehensive optimization PDS is validated. The results demonstrate that the proposed strategy has advantages over other benchmark PDSs in many aspects, including operating cost, hydrogen consumption, battery SOC fluctuation range, and power sources operating life loss.

## Multi-Source energy optimization method for supersonic aircraft based on multi-objective adaptive covariance matrix and chaotic search group algorithm
### 摘要
In the trend of increasing aircraft electrical power levels, future supersonic aircraft will have an urgent need for multi-source, adaptive, and high-energy-efficient approach to electrical power generation. In this paper, a multi-source energy optimization method based on multi-objective optimization algorithm MOACCGA is proposed. The method considers fuel consumption rate and thrust as the objective functions, with engine safety as a constraint. Based on the establishment of a small bypass ratio turbofan engine with multi-source energy extraction system, the influence mechanism of energy extraction on engine performance is analyzed. It is concluded that the generation of multi-source energy is optimizable, and the objective function has strong nonlinear and multi-peak distribution in the solution space. Then, the multi-objective adaptive covariance matrix and chaotic search group algorithm (MOACCGA) is proposed to solve the multi-source energy optimization problem. The algorithm utilizes the evolutionary approach with an adaptive covariance matrix to adapt to the strong nonlinearity of the system. Additionally, it overcomes the problem of getting trapped in local optima within the solution space characterized by multiple peak distributions by employing chaotic search. Finally, the multi-source energy optimization method is validated through simulations. In each condition, multi-source energy optimization can save fuel consumption by 0.7% of the total fuel consumption and reduce thrust loss by 1.5% of the total thrust.

## NATS-Bench: Benchmarking NAS Algorithms for Architecture Topology and Size
### 摘要
Neural architecture search (NAS) has attracted a lot of attention and has been illustrated to bring tangible benefits in a large number of applications in the past few years. Architecture topology and architecture size have been regarded as two of the most important aspects for the performance of deep learning models and the community has spawned lots of searching algorithms for both of those aspects of the neural architectures. However, the performance gain from these searching algorithms is achieved under different search spaces and training setups. This makes the overall performance of the algorithms incomparable and the improvement from a sub-module of the searching model unclear. In this paper, we propose NATS-Bench, a unified benchmark on searching for both topology and size, for (almost) any up-to-date NAS algorithm. NATS-Bench includes the search space of 15,625 neural cell candidates for architecture topology and 32,768 for architecture size on three datasets. We analyze the validity of our benchmark in terms of various criteria and performance comparison of all candidates in the search space. We also show the versatility of NATS-Bench by benchmarking 13 recent state-of-the-art NAS algorithms on it. All logs and diagnostic information trained using the same setup for each candidate are provided. This facilitates a much larger community of researchers to focus on developing better NAS algorithms in a more comparable and computationally effective environment. All codes are publicly available at: https://xuanyidong.com/assets/projects/NATS-Bench.